// JWT token .
 the jwt stands for Json Web Token.
 now in the modern time the tooken can better way as compare to session.
 the jwt is provide one token..
  
  -> there are 3 part of structure in JWT.
    1. header , 2. payload and 3. signature
  -> they use the cryptographic algorithms.

 JWT is commposed of three section used by the dots(.)
  header.payload.signature

1. header :- it's typically of two parts
         -> typ(Type) :- use it the "JWT"
         -> alg(algorithm):- diffrenet algorithms use the name as , HMAS SHA256 OR RSA.

2. payload :- now you can generate the token .. which is use the uniquely data for generate the token.
             the payload can contain the user information . one data is a unique to use the generate the token.

3. signature :- verifies the integrity of the token and ensure that it has not been tampared with during the transmission.
                it's created by talking the encoded header , encoded payload , a secret(for HMAC algo.) and generate the signature.

JWT fuunction :-
the jwt function is , jwt.sign() and jwt.verify() are two funnctions provided by the "jsonwebtoken" library in the node.js.

1. jwt.sign() :- this function is use to generate the a new JWT token.
 -> it takes 3 parameter,
  1. payload : payload contain one unique identity the user. the data want the include in the token.
  2. secret OR private key : this secret key to sign the token(create). it can be string contain the secret cryptographic key.
  3. optional : this parameter is use some propertie like , expiration time(expireIn).

2. jwt.verify() : this function is used to verify and decode the JWT token to retrieve the payload.
  -> it takes 3 parameter ,
  1. token : the token is verified.
  2. secret OR public key : this key is use to verify the token key.
  3. optional : contain optional parameter.

now before the authenticate use the "username and password" .now use the token.

 start the coding part .

 1. install the jsonwebtoken
 2. create the JWT middleware function (verify the token). this use the function to use the token for the access.(jwtsuthmiddleware)
 3. generate token function.
 4. use the token.( now the signup the user it's generate the token together)
   1. const  {jwtsuthmiddleware , generatetoken} = require('./../lec_11_jwt');
