the authentication and authorization lecture 

1. Middleware : the Middleware is most imp topic in node js.
  there 3 phase: 
  1. request : client can request the order
  2. Middleware : Middleware is kitchen. the process of the dish.
  3. response : the cliennt can dish to make and back to the response.

2. Middleware function : now in real world the login process is mandetory.
   in the Middleware function the 3 parameter is use (req , res , next).
  the next() is the function . in Middleware the call the next().
  that means , now you move to the next phase.
  now , i am not use the next() , not another function can run it bcoz 
  it's stuck the compiler. that use the next(). 
  the next() can move the next Middleware or the server response...
   --> use the Middleware : app.use(var-name) : all routes can run the Middleware.
   --> perticular function(sapretely) : inside the function as a parameter.

3. authentication and authorization : 
  first what is authentication ?
    -> the authentication is identity . which is identify the person is inside the hotel member or not.
     the identify must they use it the "username and password".
    
    second what is authorization ?
    -> authorization : now suppose the chef is the hotel member and the manager is also the hotel member.
      but the chef cannot the authorise in the hotel manager salary changing and showing.
      one type of the limit can access this authorise rule.

important :-> the authenticate is a Middleware used before to reaching the access.
(aa login person ena layak che le nai e check krva mate use the authenticate process..).

4. passport.js : this is a popular authenticate Middleware for node js .
   in this lecture use the username and password ..
   -> the username and password method can implement use the local-passport
  -> install passport and local-passport...
  -> passport.use(new LocalStretergy(async (username , password , done)=>{}))
    this function is use the 3 parameter.
    the done() is callbackfun. 
    this function is check the varification is succesfull , fail or err.
    
 // now the done() is use the 3 parameter done(error , user , info).
    /*
    1. authenticate is success
    done(null , user , {massage : 'msg'});
    
    2. authenticate is fail
    done(null , false , {massage : 'msg'});

    3. authenticate is error
    done(err);
    */
